Let's do an exercise, so the very
first thing that we want to do for
our flower petals now that
we have them is let's try
coloring our petals by our movie genres.
So, what we want to do is we want to,
here's the cell that you're
going to be working in.
And then, what we want to do is we have,
right here, we already have
created five path elements.
And I've kind of already bound the, define
the attribute for each of these paths and
we're using the petal path that we
created in the previous notebook.
Hopefully, you're seeing your
own petal path being drawn here,
and what we want to do is we
want to select all these paths,
we want to bind our movie data.
So our movies data is right here,
that's what it looks like,
you can kind of open it up and
take a look.
And we want to set film attribute on this
paths based on each of the movies genre.
And so, I also have this object for
lookup for
the top four genres and then this other.
So if your movies genre
isn't in here in these top four, then I
have this color for all the other genres.
And also, you might have noticed that for
each of these movies,
oftentimes, the genre is
an array of multiple genres.
And so, just for
the sake of our exercise, let's just use
the very first genre that appears and
then use that to kind of map our fill.
And if you're interested,
you can also play around with
the colors, but
let's do this exercise in this cell.
And I think this lookup is called
color object, I think.
Sorry.
I think it's called color object,
is what this lookup is called then,
it's called colors, I'm sorry, yeah,
so this lookup is called colors.